catch_em/README.md, before:

#Catch Em

##Synopsis
Catch Em is a game that challenges players to catch as many items that are dog-friendly as possible, while avoiding items known to be not so good for dogs.

![Image](https://joellepfernandez.github.io/bailey-and-company/catch_em/images/Screen Shot of Catch Em.png)

##Installation Instructions
Click [here](https://joellepfernandez.github.io/bailey-and-company/catch_em/index.html) to play the game.

##Approach Taken
This game was inspired by the class activity where we randomly generated boxes that had randomly generated locations. Similarly, this game randomly generates an index for images in an array and then randomly generates a location in the game.

##How to Play
1. Enter your name.
2. Press the 'Start' button to begin the game.
3. Click on as many items that are good for dogs.
4. Play again or have another player play.
5. Click 'Find Winner' to see who had the top score and won the game.
6. Restart the game by click on the 'Restart' button.

##Scoring
|Item          |Points|
|--------------|:----:|
|Blueberry     |     1|
|Carrot        |     1|
|Dog Treat     |     1|
|Kong Toy      |     1|
|Spinach       |     1|
|Strawberry    |     1|
|Tennis Ball   |     1|
|Beer          |    -2|  
|Chocolate     |    -2|
|Grapes        |    -2|
|Mushrooms     |    -2|
|Poop          |    -2|
|Tomato        |    -2|

##User Stories
* As a player, I want to click the start button to begin the game.
* As a player, I want to see the countdown of time once the game is started.
* As a player, I want to click on the items that are good and bad for dogs.
* As a player, I want to gain points once I click on items that are good for dogs by 1 point.
* As a player, I want to lose points once I click on items that are not good for dogs by 2 point.
* As a player, I want to see my score in the score history.
* As at player, I want the game to restart when another player clicks start.
* As a player, I want to know who has the top score by clicking on a button (Find Winner).
* As a player, I want to be able to restart the game if I want a rematch.

##Motivation
I love dogs and I want to make sure every human knows what he or she should not be giving to their fur friends.

##Technologies Used
HTML5, CSS, and Javascript/jQuery

##Unsolved Problems/Future Adjustments
In the future, I would like to create various levels of play.

##Acknowledgements
Credit to the owners of the images used.

##Link
[Catch Em](https://joellepfernandez.github.io/bailey-and-company/catch_em/index.html)

Commit message:

added social media icons and added wireframe to readme

catch_em/README.md, after:

#Catch Em

##Synopsis
Catch Em is a game that challenges players to catch as many items that are dog-friendly as possible, while avoiding items known to be not so good for dogs.

![Image](https://joellepfernandez.github.io/bailey-and-company/catch_em/images/Screen Shot of Catch Em.png)

##Installation Instructions
Click [here](https://joellepfernandez.github.io/bailey-and-company/catch_em/index.html) to play the game.

##Approach Taken
This game was inspired by the class activity where we randomly generated boxes that had randomly generated locations. Similarly, this game randomly generates an index for images in an array and then randomly generates a location in the game. See the wireframe below:

![Image](https://joellepfernandez.github.io/bailey-and-company/catch_em/images/wireframe.png)

##How to Play
1. Enter your name.
2. Press the 'Start' button to begin the game.
3. Click on as many items that are good for dogs.
4. Play again or have another player play.
5. Click 'Find Winner' to see who had the top score and won the game.
6. Restart the game by click on the 'Restart' button.

##Scoring
|Item          |Points|
|--------------|:----:|
|Blueberry     |     1|
|Carrot        |     1|
|Dog Treat     |     1|
|Kong Toy      |     1|
|Spinach       |     1|
|Strawberry    |     1|
|Tennis Ball   |     1|
|Beer          |    -2|  
|Chocolate     |    -2|
|Grapes        |    -2|
|Mushrooms     |    -2|
|Poop          |    -2|
|Tomato        |    -2|

##User Stories
* As a player, I want to click the start button to begin the game.
* As a player, I want to see the countdown of time once the game is started.
* As a player, I want to click on the items that are good and bad for dogs.
* As a player, I want to gain points once I click on items that are good for dogs by 1 point.
* As a player, I want to lose points once I click on items that are not good for dogs by 2 point.
* As a player, I want to see my score in the score history.
* As at player, I want the game to restart when another player clicks start.
* As a player, I want to know who has the top score by clicking on a button (Find Winner).
* As a player, I want to be able to restart the game if I want a rematch.

##Motivation
I love dogs and I want to make sure every human knows what he or she should not be giving to their fur friends.

##Technologies Used
HTML5, CSS, and Javascript/jQuery

##Unsolved Problems/Future Adjustments
In the future, I would like to create various levels of play.

##Acknowledgements
Credit to the owners of the images used. Credit to Creative Commons for the social media icons.

##Link
[Catch Em](https://joellepfernandez.github.io/bailey-and-company/catch_em/index.html)
